# Time-Series-Statistics
This repository contains exercises and projects completed during my Master’s in Applied Statistics and Data Analytics at Southern Methodist University. This Repository will contain work related to Time Series Statistics executed in R. This class was taken in the fall of 2023 under the supervision of program director Dr. Robertson, using the following textbook _Time Series for Data Science_ (2022). For more on this textbook, you may visit the following [site](https://timeseriesfordatascience.com/) and related resource [GitHub](https://github.com/BivinSadler/Time-Series-for-Data-Science#time-series-for-data-science). Last, if you are interested in pursuing this master’s at Southern Methodist University, then please follow the [link](https://www.smu.edu/Dedman/Academics/Departments/Statistics/Graduate/MASDA) to learn more about this program. 

# Bio
I am Alejandro (Alex) Ramirez, at the time of writing this, a third-year master’s student at Southern Methodist University. My goal with this GitHub is to consolidate my learnings into one central location that demonstrates my capabilities as a future statistician for employment and research opportunities. In my undergraduate studies, I received a Bachelor’s of Business Administration from SMU's Cox School of Business and a Bachelor’s of Science in Pure Mathematics from SMU's Dedman College in 2018. Post undergrad, I went into industry working for JP Morgan Chase & Co. as a Senior Risk Analyst in Home Lending Originations (1 year), Senior Associate in Corporate Sector Finance Planning & Analysis (3 years), and currently work as Finance and Business Manager for Chase Wealth Manage (1 year and ongoing) supporting our private client advisors in the state of Texas. After acheiving my master's, I am looking to work in data science/statistical modeling/machine learning/forecasting/and more. If you are interested in connecting, here is my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alemramirez/) and [email](mailto:amramirez@smu.edu?subject=[GitHub]%20Time%20Series%20Interest).

# Rights and Responsabilities
As mentioned above, these projects and codes are a culmination of my work, which is subject to my ownership. Any copying of this work for industry, personal, or academic gain without the proper citation or authorization may result in honors code violations and potential arbitration. If you wish to receive authorization, please contact the email above. 


